docs(checkbox): add a11y documentation (#845)
lumapps/design-system: packages/site-demo/content/product/components/checkbox/index.mdx

<DemoBlock demo="default" withThemeSwitcher />

### Accessibility concerns

If you use the `Checkbox` component with a label, there is nothing more to add to make this component accessible.

> If you have no label, then, **you should provide a label**, you have 2 options to do so:

Reviewer: Maybe we can reword a bit to avoid repetition ?
```suggestion
If you have no visible label, then **you should provide alternatives**, you have 2 options to do so:
```
